@@@
ABI-DALZIM’S HORRID WILTING
8thuleve1 necromancy
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 150 feet
Components: V, S, M (a bit of sponge)
Duration: Instantaneous
You draw the moisture from every creature in a 30-foot
cube centered on a point you choose within range. Each
creature in that area must make a Constitution saving
throw. Constructs and undead aren’t affected, and plants
and water elementals make this saving throw with dis—
advantage. A creature takes 12d8 necrotic damage on a
failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Nonmagical plants in the area that aren’t creatures,
such as trees and shrubs, wither and die instantly.
@@@
ABSORB ELEMENTS
lst—level abjuration
Casting Time: 1 reaction, which you take when you take acid, cold, fire, lightning, or thunder damage
Range: Self
Components: 8
Duration: 1 round
The spell captures some of the incoming energy, less—
ening its effect on you and storing it for your next melee
attack. You have resistance to the triggering damage
type until the start of your next turn. Also, the first time
you hit with a melee attack on your next turn, the target
takes an extra 1d6 damage of the triggering type, and
the spell ends.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the extra damage increases
by 1d6 for each slot level above lst.
@@@
AGANAEZAR’S SCORCHER
2nd—ievel evocation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V, S, M (a red dragon’s scale)
Duration: Instantaneous
A line of roaring flame 30 feet long and 5 feet wide emanates
from you in a direction you choose. Each creature
in the line must make a Dexterity saving throw. A crea—
ture takes 3d8 fire damage on a failed save, or half as
much damage on a successful one.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 3rd level or higher. the damage increases by
MB for each slot level above 2nd.
@@@
BEAST BOND
lat-level divination
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M (a bit of fur wrapped in a cloth)
Duration: Concentration, up to 10 minutes
You establish a telepathic link with one beast you touch
that is friendly to you or charmed by you. The spell fails
if the beasts Intelligence score is 4 or higher. Until the
spell ends, the link is active while you and the beast are
within line of sight of each other. Through the link, the
beast can understand your telepathic messages to it,
and it can telepathically communicate simple emotions
and concepts back to you. While the link is active, the
beast gains advantage on attack rolls against any creature
within 5 feet of you that you can see.
@@@
BONES or THE EARTH
6-ер думуд transmutation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 120 feet
Components: V, S
Duration: Instantaneous
You cause up to six pillars of stone to burst from places
on the ground that you can see within range. Each pillar
is a cylinder that has a diameter of 5 feet and a height of
up to 30 feet. The ground where a pillar appears must
be wide enough for its diameter, and you can target the
ground under a creature if that creature is Medium or
smaller. Each pillar has AC 5 and 30 hit points. When
reduced to 0 hit points, a pillar crumbles into rubble,
which creates an area of difficult terrain with a 10-
foot radius that lasts until the rubble is cleared. Each
5—foot-diameter portion of the area requires at least 1
minute to clear by hand.
If a pillar is created under a creature, that creature
must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or be lifted by
the pillar. A creature can choose to fail the save.
If a pillar is prevented from reaching its full height
because of a ceiling or other obstacle, a creature on the
pillar takes 6d6 bludgeoning damage and is restrained,
pinched between the pillar and the obstacle. The re—
strained creature can use an action to make a Strength
or Dexterity check (the creature’s choice) against the
spell’s save DC. On a success, the creature is no lon—
ger restrained and must either move off the pillar or
fall off it.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 7th level or higher, you can create two addi—
tional pillars for each slot level above 6th.
@@@
CATAPULT
lst level transmutation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 60 feet
Components: S
Duration: Instantaneous
Choose one object weighing 1 to 5 pounds within range
that isn’t being worn or carried. The object flies in a
straight line up to 90 feet in a direction you choose
before falling to the ground, stopping early if it impacts
against a solid surface. If the object would strike a creature,
that creature must make a Dexterity saving throw.
On a failed save, the object strikes the target and stops
moving. When the object strikes something, the object
and what it strikes each take 3d8 bludgeoning damage.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the maximum weight of
objects that you can target with this spell increases by 5
pounds, and the damage increases by 1d8, for each slot
level above Ist.
@@@